Client-side validation: fix terminology (#1759)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _topics/en/client-side-validation.md

  in the validation.

---
A conceptually simple client-side validation protocol might assign an

> off-chain state (like a number of tokens) with a particular UTXO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
off-chain state (like a set of tokens) with a particular UTXO.
```

Author: Nope, it is about the amount of tokens owned by a person

Author: ```suggestion
off-chain state (like an amount of owned tokens) with a particular UTXO.
```

Reviewer: Or perhaps "like the number of owned tokens"?

Google search brought up this from an English writing blog:
> Though number and amount have similar meanings, number is used for things that are countable, while amount is used for things that are uncountable. Knowing when to use either is a matter of looking at the noun that's being described.

Author: Bitcoin Core and other libraries use amount instead of number, so I assume amount is more common in this context

Reviewer: I guess I'm unsure of the concept being conveyed. In bitcoin, _amount_ is used for the _value_ of a transaction output (or sum of several outputs), in units of satoshis (or often converted to BTC). I'm not sure what a token is here, but if what's meant is the **_number_** of tokens (like 1, 2, 3, etc.), then _number_ is the correct usage.

Author: In RGB everywhere it is called "amount of tokens" - the value assigned to a specific UTXO or put into the invoice. Even if the choice of the word is suboptimal, it is the word used everywhere in the code, in the docs, in the talks etc.

Only the set of validators needs to know

> about that assignment; it does not need to be published to the block
> chain or anywhere else that is public. When the UTXO is spent, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about that assignment; it does not need to be published anywhere public, such as the blockchain.
When the UTXO is spent, the
```

> user has the ability to update the state and use spending transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user can update the state and use spending transactions
```

to assign the new state to a new UTXO. This mechanism is known as
**single-use seals**, and it leverages anti-double-spending property of bitcoin.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

As an example, if Alice

> currently controls the UTXO holding with the token and Bob wants to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
currently controls the UTXO associated with the token and Bob wants to
```

buy it from her, she can provide him with evidence of the original
assignment and then he can use his validated copy of the block chain
plus client-side validation to verify the history of every transfer of the
token leading up to Alice.  He can also verify that a transaction
created by Alice is correctly formatted to assign the token to a UTXO
that Bob controls.

**[RGB][]** is a client-side validation protocol for working with arbitrary

> reach state and Turing-complete state evolution rules. It uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reachable state and Turing-complete state evolution rules. It uses
```
(if I understand correctly, please check)

> **[RGB][]** is a client-side validation protocol working with arbitrary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**[RGB][]** is a client-side validation protocol for working with arbitrary
```

> taproot-embedded OP_RETURN commitments (naned **tapret**) to allow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
taproot-embedded OP_RETURN commitments (named **tapret**) to allow
```
